Bump micro to 4.3.1 (#1834)
snowplow/documentation: docs/testing/snowplow-micro/local/enrichments/index.md

Micro is especially great for [testing the JavaScript enrichment](/docs/pipeline/enrichments/available-enrichments/custom-javascript-enrichment/testing/index.md).

:::

> Some enrichments require data files (e.g. a database of IPs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some enrichments require data files (e.g., a database of IPs).
```

Starting from `4.3.0` the Enrich application will automatically download and periodically update these files (5 minutes by default, configurable via `assetsUpdatePeriod`).

> For files hosted on S3, GCS, or ADLS Micro needs to be executed in an environment with enough permissions for the downloading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like Enrich, Micro supports downloading these files from `http(s)://` URLs and (since version 4.1.0) from S3, GCS and ADLS. Starting with version 4.3.0, Micro periodically re-downloads the files when they change, as opposed to only fetching them once on startup.

For S3 and GCS, only authentication via instance profiles is supported (i.e., Micro needs to run on AWS or GCP respectively). For ADLS, set the `MICRO_AZURE_BLOB_ACCOUNT` and `MICRO_AZURE_BLOB_SAS_TOKEN` environment variables.
```

> </details>

Reviewer: Stray closing tag?
